=head1 NAME

Mojolicious::Plugin::PDFMerge - Web interface for merging PDF documents.

=head1 VERSION

version 0.1

=head1 SYNOPSIS

1. Create a Mojolicious app with this plugin

 use Mojolicious::Lite
 plugin 'PDFMerge';
 app->start;

2. Start the app

 % ./myapp.pl

3. then point your browser to

=over 4

=item * http://localhost:3000/pdf

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin provides a web interface for merging multiple
PDF documents so they can be sent to a printer for physical
copies.

My apartment doesn't have room for a printer (not with all my
junk which is apparently more important), so when I need to print
something I use a virtual PDF printer (cups-pdf in Debian, other
distributions and operating systems probably have similar packages)
and take the PDFs to FedEx Office.  Unfortunately the self service
facility for printing multiuple PDFs has a sucky interface so it
is better to go there with one big PDF rather than many little
PDFs.  The intent is to use the virtual PDF printer to print to
~/PDF, and then merge them with this web application into a single
PDF which I save to the memory stick which I take to the FedEx
Office.

The application is implemeted with  Mojolicious, plus a few other
modules available on CPAN.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Mojolicious::Plugin::PDFMerge::Data>,
L<Mojolicious::Plugin::PDFMerge::Controller>,
L<Mojolicious>

=head1 AUTHOR

Graham Ollis <plicease@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Graham Ollis.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

